---
date: '2024-8-7'
day: 'Back'
---

Been like 2 1/2 weeks since I started taking creatine. Should be getting close to full saturation now. Lifts have been feeling pretty good, and I've been having a good time in the gym. Lately it's been kind of funny because I get into the zone when lifting a lot more often, and I'll just like go super hard and it feels good to tap into that energy.

Also been on a steady routine with the water intake. Probably getting like 2.5-3 liters a day. I drink a bottle of San Pellegrino sparking water which is like 500 mL, my 1 L Nalgene for the gym, and like 40 oz from the Stanley bottle I got sent. Also will drink like around 2 cups when I take protein and creatine after the gym. Been sleeping a lot more lately though. During the day I'll get like 3-4 hours and at night probably 7-8 hours no problem. Might look into taking electrolytes, but I don't want to rely on too many supplements.

A little concerned about the diet. I've continued on the trend of eating whatever I want. Weight hasn't really spiked much though, I think I'm sitting at 170 lbs. Definitely look way leaner than when I was last this weight around October of last year, but it's getting to the point where I might want to cut soon. I'll decide when I head back to school and figure out the food/cooking situation.

Otherwise the summer is wrapping up. I didn't really progress too drastically in the gym, but I got stronger for sure. Off the top of my head probably like +10 lbs in weight and +15 lbs for reps on incline db's. Went up on a lot of other things too, but I can't really compare until I get back to school and use the equipment I'm used to having.

I'd love to start getting more social my last year in college, but at the same time I'm leaning towards just going at it alone again. Still think I have a long ways to go in the gym, and I want to make the most out of academics and job applications while I'm at this stage in my life. It's a tradeoff for sure, but it's just where my priorities are at.

Also been going to my work's gym the past 2 weeks since the project got finished. I'd say it goes like hotel, work, rec center, and school gym based on my experience, but it's still pretty nice. They have decent equipment, but the variety is lacking. Way too much space for cardio machines in my opinion. The locker room and shower is crazy though. It feels weird just like picking up a towel, taking a shower (with provided soap, shampoo, conditioner), and going back to work. Also went there with the other interns and full time people on Tuesday and played basketball. I haven't like ran or jogged in years, and I think I might have injured my quad or something. I felt super sore in my upper right leg after waking up today, but I'm hoping it heals in time for legs on Friday. Getting old man.

To better days ahead...