---
date: '2024-1-30'
day: 'Chest'
---

One of those days. Had a decent pump but my workout was basically griefed. Started off with incline bench because none of the seats were open. Top sets were 135 for 6-7-ish, which is pretty low compared to before winter break. Still felt pretty good though.

Was waiting for the chest press machine for this dude to finish. I stood there for like 15 minutes and he did 6 sets in that time. Finally asked him how many he had left, and dude said 12 with a smirk on his face. Got pretty pissed off, but I just walked away and went to do incline dumbbell press on an open bench instead. Like how you gonna sit there and do 18 sets and straight up smirk at a guy trying to be respectful of your space. Honestly, I don’t mind new people at the gym during January/February. The only exception is people like this dude. Like at least have the courtesy to tell a dude how many sets you have left so he doesn’t wait, or know that spending 45 minutes on a machine is weird. It was my fault too—will start asking people how many sets they have left from now on. Also just not letting stuff like that get to me. As a result of that dude, pretty much lost the initial pump and the workout took a little longer than usual. Lesson learned I guess.

Also I almost fainted again today. It’s been a couple years since this happened to me, but it's probably due to the lack of calories I’ve been getting. Wasn’t a good experience having that happen again; I thought it was just an issue that happened to me when I was younger because of the lack of exercise I did and food I ate. Will just be more mindful now.

Good news though, D2 serves a whole thing of sliced chicken breast at the salad bar. Not sure if it’s an everyday item, but pretty much all I could ask for. Also tried to switch up my yogurt/frozen concoction today; I added shredded coconut. It’s a little more calories, but I think the added texture and fat is a good thing (never mind it’s super high in fat).

To better days ahead…