---
date: '2024-1-24'
day: 'Rest'
---

Diet getting dialed back in. Walking around hungry, so that's probably a good thing. Definitely wanna make a final push to 140 soon to end off the extended cut.

Might be on to something with cardio. As long as I maintain like 80 RPM, 300 calories normally takes like 27 minutes. Been playing around with 9-10 for the resistance settings. Can’t believe I used to do 16 when I started out.

Been getting distracted from the gym because of school. Getting dialed in the latter is taking away from achieving optimal sleep. No chance I'm skipping a day of my split, but it's getting a little difficult to manage time. Gotta figure out a way to make it work.

There's a lot of factors that make me less eager to go to the gym or do cardio. The main thing is thinking that if there are a bunch of people there—especially at the beginning of the year—the workout will be bad because I'll have to wait. Been working to focus on the process of working instead of the factors that could prevent me from doing so. Heard a line on Ben Baller’s podcast a couple days ago saying something along the lines of only worry about who's paying you. The reality is it's really my fault because if I woke up at like 8 today instead of 9:30, I could've eaten and got cardio done before going to all my classes; I just finished on the bike today at like 8:15. Seemingly minor inconveniences and negative thought processes can ruin what should be an enjoyable workout. Just have to put myself in a position where these variable's are controlled as much as possible, with the ultimate goal of getting a freakier pump than last thing. Lifting-centric lifestyle.

To better days ahead…