---
date: '2024-8-14'
day: 'Injured'
---

Today is the second day off from the gym. I got injured after hitting back on Monday.

It was actually pretty scary. I was finishing off the workout with db shrugs as usual, but the stool that I normally use was already taken. At Audrey Moore, the benches are like angled at the most forward position. Typically, I'd prefer if the angle was way less sharper, or if it was flat for shrugs. I decided to go ahead with it anyways, but lower the weight a bit.

Not sure if it's genetics or how I train them but my traps haven't grown that much. I'm pretty sure it's just my body composition though, but I've seen a lot of videos saying to lean slightly forward when doing shrugs to maximize growth. As such, I tried to incorporate that.

My first set went okay, although it felt a little bit weird. It was a combination of the bench angle and how high up I was from the ground. My second set was when it hit though. I picked up the db's, and got into an upright position, and was beginning to lean forward. I think I went too far though, and I felt my entire lower back like pull upwards. It felt like a shock that spread super quickly from the base of my back around the tailbone area all the way up. Not gonna lie, I was super scared that I would get paralyzed or something. Pretty sure it's just a hyperextension or muscle strain or something.

I watched a video on YouTube a couple of days before about someone who got surfer's myelopathy, so I was pretty cautious about my exercise selection (especially for legs) going into this week. I guess it was just a sign or something.

It was pretty bad in the beginning, but it's getting better now. I still have trouble leaning and bending forwards, and sitting gets uncomfortable sometimes. Hopefully I can go back tomorrow and hit arms though because I'm missing the pump.

Both times I've gotten injured in the gym it was because of my back. The first time was in 2022 near the beginning of my journey, and I think I popped a disc or something doing RDL's. This time was different though, since it felt like the whole lower back was pulled. It's unfortunate, but I guess I just need to be more careful. Might be getting old.

To better days ahead...