---
date: '2024-1-1'
day: 'Rest'
---

I'm gonna be writing daily blogs here about my journey in the gym. Gonna keep it pretty casual to prevent it from being too much of a hassle/chore.

Some background:
- was sitting at 130-ish lbs for the entire duration of high school, minimal physical activity
- started lifting around mid-September 2022 when I got to college
- dream was to bench 225
- bulked from 130 to 175 lbs in 6 months
- only managed to bench 210 by the end of the school year in May
- took almost the entire summer off for my internship and two math classes
- started again in August when I came back to campus, bench was at 165 and I was at 160 lbs
- bulked to 175.5 lbs and benched 225 on 10/23/2023
- immediately started cutting to achieve my childhood dream of getting a six-pack
- about a 10 week cut from 10/23-12/31/2023 from 175.5 to 149.7 lbs, still no six-pack

So the goal is to still keep going for a six-pack, although I'm planning to maintain my weight for a little bit to get my health back in order (doctor visit last week was a little rough). Winter break ends in about two weeks so my diet and daily cardio will definitely be more consistent back on campus where I have more control. Looking forward to seeing where this goes.

For reference, here was my original split up until I benched 225:

|           | Mon          | Tues | Weds  | Thurs | Fri          | Sat | Sun  |
|-----------|--------------|------|-------|-------|--------------|-----|------|
| Chest     | x            |      | Bench |       | x            |     |      |
| Back      |              |      | x     |       |              |     | x    |
| Arms      |              |      |       |       |              |     |      |
| Legs      |              | x    |       |       |              | x   |      |
| Shoulders | Front + Side |      | Rear  |       | Front + Side |     | Rear |

As detailed, I was benching three times a week using [ufpwrlifter's](https://www.youtube.com/@UFpwrLifter) program. Since I was still a relatively new lifter, there was a lot of junk volume included, so my workouts normally took 2-2.5 hours. I was also eating pretty unhealthily, but it worked out in the end.

Here is my current split:

|           | 1    | 2    | 3 | 4 | 5 |
|-----------|------|------|---|---|---|
| Chest     | x    |      |   |   |   |
| Back      |      | x    |   |   |   |
| Arms      |      |      | x |   |   |
| Legs      |      |      |   | x |   |
| Shoulders | Side | Rear |   |   |   |

I transitioned to a four day split with 30-ish minutes of cardio (burn 300 calories) after watching [Sam Sulek's](https://www.youtube.com/@sam_sulek) videos. I also copied his training style by limiting myself to 8-10 sets total of a body part per day to reduce junk volume and save time in the gym. As such, my workouts take around 1-1.5 hours now, and I have more options as to what machines or movements I can do to properly target my muscles.

My programming nowadays is much more bodybuilding focus as opposed to getting a big bench like in the past. It's a bit bittersweet not being able to experience the high of hitting a PR, but having "freakier" post-workout pump checks are nothing to complain about.

So yeah, that's pretty much what my entire life post-high school has been about. I've had a pretty fun experience so far, so I'm interested in seeing if there's any changes in the way I view the gym when I document it in this manner.

To better days ahead...