---
date: '2025-4-16'
day: 'Back'
---

Back for birthday. Been making an effort to walk around campus a lot more rather than relying on the buses to get some cardio in. I think my first two years on campus, I was doing at least 3 miles a day just to get from place to place. Hopefully it makes a difference on the heart stuff.

Super grindy type of workout today. My head hurts like crazy, but I just sent it anyways. Basically did the same weight as I did last week and things were moving. Skipped traps to let my right side heal a bit, hopefully I can hit them again by next back day. I saw a huge guy the other day doing the same shrug type thing on the cables that I do, except he was leaning his head over; I think this angle might hit it better than standing completely upright.

Making an effort to do less fat in my diet. I started just buying the meal delivery stuff because it's way cheaper than getting Uber Eats every other day. I think I cracked the code to getting lean at a "high" weight. I always got confused at those videos of guys being 180-200 lean since I had to drop to 150-ish to start getting lean. I think diet is super important for this—if you consume less fat but higher calories, your body composition should still be lean (by virtue of being composed by less fat) and you can be big at the same time. Maybe that's why they call it lean-bulking. Either way, this sounds like a pretty good alternative to doing a massive cut again, losing a bunch of my strength, and having to bulk to build it back quickly. Should be healthier in the long run too as I get older.

Looking forward to building it back.

To better days ahead...