---
date: '2025-4-26'
day: 'Arms'
---

Going harder than last time. Moving up in weight as best I can for everything. Arms looked sick with downlighting. Can't wait to get the vascularity back, I was trying to force the bicep veins to pop out again by pumping out a bunch of reps but not lean enough yet. Was straight up just moving weight today, didn't really contract as much as I usually do. I think as long as you control the weight on the eccentric, it doesn't really matter how long it takes. Taking too long on a single rep prevents you from being able to get an extra 1-2 reps in, so I don't think either way is drastically better. Pump was pretty nuts.

Probably gonna start doing cardio again tomorrow. Been over a year since I've last been on the bike, so it's gonna be a bit of an adjustment again. Gonna keep eating about the same about of calories so the cut goes slowly. Don't want to drop as quickly as I did last time.

Contemplating if I want to do one last bench session. Haven't benched since October 23, 202023. Reckon I can hit at least 250, but I don't want to overdo it. Don't know how much of incline stuff translates over to flat bench, but if it does things should go pretty well. A big part of me hitting 225 back then was doing front delt work. Haven't directly trained front delts since, so that and the other muscles that contributes to a flat bench probably aren't up to par. It's kind of weird because I want to get a huge bench if I try it again, but at the same time I don't want to like tear my pec or something because of my ego. Don't like the type of person I was back then on the road to 225 either, so I'm a bit afraid of bringing that back. Cared too much about the numbers and not enough about enjoying the journey. Miss those days a lot.

To better days ahead...