---
date: '2025-5-5'
day: 'Legs'
---

Looking leaner. Obliques are coming in more and way less bloated in the morning. For the first week last time around, I felt super hungry at night when I tried to sleep. Haven't experienced it that much yet, so I might need to cut out more calories. I'm sort of doing everything based on intuition right now and what I look/feel like rather than numbers. A lot less stressful.

Continuing to work on shutting things out. For a moment I almost convinced myself to skip today, but pushed on anyways. Worrying about things I shouldn't be worrying about.

I think next split I can incorporate back in pressing movements and calf raises for legs again. Lower back isn't getting triggered by movements as long as I keep the form in check.

Starting to see some more changes in the physique. More definition and things looking a bit tighter.

Planning to get a lift in with my buddy tomorrow at like 6 in the morning. I think the last time I went to the gym with someone was with my other buddy on 10/23/202023, the day I hit 225 on bench. Not sure if I prefer going solo, but I haven't had enough sessions with someone else to reach a conclusion. Online, people almost always have a lifting partner to spot/help get partials. Don't think there's a downside to having someone else. Like if I'm already pushing hard solo, theoretically having someone else should help me go harder. Not too big on waking up that early though—it'll be a one-time thing.

To better days ahead...