---
date: '2025-4-18'
day: 'Legs'
---

Apartment gym again. I think I'm at the tail end of whatever I caught after that 4 day bender last week. Still pretty sick though.

Made it happen today. I went at like 10 at night and the energy was pretty good. Night time gym sessions always hit if the gym is empty. Haven't trained legs as hard as I would like since my injury in August. Currently I'm just doing hamstring curls and leg extensions at about 70% compared to last year. Pretty much took out anything that can potentially put stress on my lower back. Hopefully it keeps getting better in the next couple of months, or else I might have to hop on to BPC 157 or something.

But other then that, I also do light back extensions to rehab my lower back and abs on leg day too. Today I felt pretty good contraction on my abs that I haven't felt in awhile. The layer of fat over my belly probably prevents me from feeling it easier, but it's the sacrifice that comes with the bulk.

I think I got sick after last week because I didn't eat any fruits too. Usually I get like 3 Jamba Juice smoothies a week, but I was super busy with work. Definitely need the vitamins.

Also I think I got way less bloated after not eating McDonalds for a week. Last month I ate there like 3-4 times a week because it was super cheap. I can't believe you can get 2 double cheeseburgers for $5. Haven't had any fried food either the past couple of days, and I think I want to cleanup my diet as I get closer to cutting. It's way better this way too—my heart has had less discomfort since then.

To better days ahead...